Add 'noskel' flag and option (#5634)
netblue30/firejail: src/man/firejail.txt

#903
.UE

.TP
\fB\-\-noskel
.br
By default, when using a private home directory, firejail creates files based
on the operating system home "skeleton". (i.e. ~/.bashrc, ~/.bash_profile, ...).

> This option disabled this feature, and enables the user to whitelist these

Reviewer: Use present tense? This option `disables` this ...

Author: Rha. Don't write pull request before going to bed :) . Good point.

#903
.UE

.TP

> \fB\-\-keep-shell-rc

Reviewer 2: The options are sorted alphabetically in this file; move it below `--keep-dev-shm`.

Author: Makes sense. I moved it bellow --keep-fd to keep the alphanumerical ordering.

.br

> By default, when using a private home directory, firejail creates files based
> on the operating system home "skeleton". (i.e. ~/.bashrc, ~/.bash_profile, ...).
> This option disables this feature, and enables the user to whitelist these
> files as original files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, when using a private home directory, firejail copies files from the
system's user home template (/etc/skel) into it, which overrides attempts to
whitelist the original files (such as ~/.bashrc and ~/.zshrc).
This option disables this feature, and enables the user to whitelist the
original files.
```

Edit to make it clearer.

Also, note that `skel` does not actually copy .bash_profile (which is intended
for login shells), only rc files.
